Brother received the message
Jiang Yao appeared in this elementary school
Why did he appear here?
I'm sure he came with bad intentions.
Save me Lin Yao
Jiang Yao, how could you do this?
We were right before
You can punish me however you want
But I beg you to help me
You are my last hope
Don't kneel
get up and talk
I can't get up
If you don't come
I won't get up
If you want to speak, speak well
I like kneeling so much
Kneel outside
Don't mess up my yard
I
I get up, I get up
What happened to Xiaoyao?
Save me, save me
Big brother received the message
Jiang Yao appeared in this elementary school
What? Why is he here?
I am sure he is a bad visitor.
Help me Lin Yao
Jiang Yao, how could you do this?
We were right before
You can punish me however you want.
But I am begging you to help me.
You are my last hope
Do not kneel
Get up and talk
I can't get up
If you do not come
If you want to talk, say it well
So like to kneel
Kneel outside
Do not dirty my yard.
i
I get up
What happened to Xiaoyao?
Help me! Help me!